While in this lecture we are going to class third tacts and we are going to use that 20 news groups
dataset is 20 news groups dataset is a collection of approximately 20000 newsgroup documents partitioned
evenly across 20 different news groups.
We have graphics related topics.
We have Politiques related topics.
We have science related topics.
We have religion related topics and so on.
So this is what we are after that we are going to have a given sentence or a given document or a given
article and after the training operation we would like to be able to classify whether that given article
is about politics or religion science and so on.
So basically we just have to import that 20 news groups.
Count vectorize or the TFI the transformer the mood in army or navy base classifiers and so on.
So we are going to have just four categories.
We are going to handle all these categories out at Hazm religion graphics science and so on.
We have to Thach these 20 news groups.
It's going to be the training data set.
We are going to have the categories we have defined here and we would like to shuffle it.
OK.
We are able to print for example the first dataset.
Let's try it.
I would like to print out first 10 lines of the first data and what's going to be the label.
So it's very important that this time it's going to be a supervised learning algorithm in the sense
that we have the training labels as well.
OK I'm going to get rid of these.
I'm going to say that I guess that we need something like this at the beginning and at the end.
So let's say that and let's run around with them as you can see.
This is going to be the first tanlines.
Does anyone know of a good way to convert if I am GPDA fires into laserjet format and so on.
So it has something to do with graphics as you can see this is the label of the target is computer graphics.
So this is the training data and this is the label accordingly.
So we are going to have a data set like this.
What about the second article in the dataset of that same weight.
And let's run it.
I'm going to clear the console.
I have a problem.
I hope some of the gurus kind of help me solve this problem.
OK.
This has something to do with computer graphics as well.
I would like to print out the first certain lines of the article.
Let's run it again as you can see that the article itself is this.
So the background of the problem or rectangular rectangular mash in a U-V domain.
OK.
It has something to do with the graphics as well.
So basically we have the training set and the labels.
But instead of dealing with numerical values here we have articles strings tax and so on.
So that's all about the training data and the labels.
And what do we have to do.
We could use the T.F. ID vectorize or directly but I would like to show you that that T.F. idea for
vectorize is equal to the count vectorize or plus the T.F. IDF transformer.
So here we use the Count vectorize are you just going to use tokenize And what does it mean that it's
going to count the occurrence of every single word in the article.
Basically it's going to end up with the documentor matrix for the first article second article and so
on instead of sentences.
Here we are dealing with concrete articles with lots of lots of sentences.
But the result is the same that document to them a matrix.
OK so we have discount vectorize or we use the training data data.
The data is going to contain that tax as we have discussed and then we can use that DFI be not DFI the
vectorize are.
But this time we use the DFI B-F transformer that is going to transform the count vectorize or into
DFI the yes work the riser.
Basically this is what we have been discussing in a topical section that counting the clearance according
to tokenized is not going to work fine because we should get rid of these birds that do not contain
information and a better approach is that T.F. IDF term frequency Ivar's document frequency approach.
So this is how we use it.
We have the idea IDF transformer and we fit transform on the X train count which is basically a matrix
which is going to store the counters that how many times the given Verd appear in a given article.
OK so we have this T.F. IDF Matrix and we would like to make some prediction with that half of an algorithm
this time we are not going to use Kamins clustering but we are going to use the Navy base classifier.
That's why we fit the X-raying TFI the half way the training data target.
It's very important that we are able to use Navy base.
And we don't have to use K means clustering because in this case we have the target says about not just
the data but we have the targets.
So it's going to be a supervised learning algorithm when we are dealing with Kamins clustering.
We are going to talk about how to closter articles with the help of Kamins clustering.
It's going to be an unsupervised learning algorithm.
We doubt that targets.
But in this case we have the targets as of out so we can use naval base classifier.
And we have some test data for example these sentences.
This has nothing to do with church or religion.
Of course it's going to belong to the religion cluster.
What about this sentence.
Software engineering is getting hotter and hotter nowadays.
It's going to do something with computers or science.
OK so we just have to transform that given sentences with the count vectorize or then we just have to
use the TGF ideas transformer in order to transform the counter-act arise or into TFI diethyl values
and then we can make some predictions with the help of the model What's the model the model is going
to be the model constructed by DNA based classifier.
Okay.
And then we have to iterate through the document then the category and we just have to print at what's
going to be the prediction.
So let's save it and let's run it.
I'm going to clear the console and if we run it it's going to make the prediction that it has something
to do with religion.
OK it is quite a good guess.
What about the next sentence.
The next article.
It has something to do with computers.
It is a good guess.
So basically or not if basic classifier did a pretty good job after the training procedure because we
had a huge dataset with 20000 articles we are able to make new predictions on the last data set.
In this case we have two past sentences.
This has nothing to do with church and religion and software engineering is getting hotter and hotter
no days.
And as you can see now you've base classifier makes a pretty good approximation that this sentence has
something to do with religion.
And this sentence has something to do with computer science.
OK so what's very important that in this case these twenty news groups dataset has data as well as Target
variables.
So it's going to be a supervised learning algorithm when we are going to discuss clustering Gogg rhythms
such as Kamins clustering.
We are going to talk about how to deal with tax classification and natural language processing if we
do not have the target.
Where are you us.
And usually this is the case we would like to build the Web.
Crowder that's going to take a look at certain articles and going to make the classification and clustering
without human intervention that we don't know the target the algorithm itself is going to come up with
the given Klosters better it has something to do with religion whether it has something to do with computer
science.
But if we have the target we're able to we can use neither of these classifier.
And basically this is how we make natural language processing and text classification with Navy base
adrià them on the 20 news groups dataset.
Thanks for watching.